# 整点写作文法

## 表示伴随与原因

- like to do ~ tend to do
- be attracted to ~ be drawn to

>随着社会的发展，越来越多的青少年喜欢玩b站

1. 一般写法
   With the development of society,more and more teenagers like watching bilibili.
2. 独立主格
   The society developing rapidly,more and more teenagers like watching bilibili.
3. 润色
   The society developing dramatically, an increasing number of teenagers **are tend to** watch bilibili by electronic devices.
4. 修辞
   The society developing dramatically, an increasing number of teenages have become the slaves of bilibili by **digital products**.

>因为学生喜欢做轻松的事情 所以做令人头疼的作业绝不是首要任务。

1. 一般写法
   Because the students love doing relaxing things,doing their homework are not their **top priority**.
2. 独立主格
   The students love doing relaxing things,doing their homework are not their top priority.
3. 润色
   The students tending to do things which could make themselves feel relaxed, doing their homework which wricked their brains are not their top priority.
4. 修辞
   The students tending to do things which could make themselves feel relaxed, doing their homework which could wreck their brains is not **on the top of the list.**

> 因为大城市机遇多 所以毕业生喜欢去一线城市创业

1. 一般写法
   Because large cities are filled with opportunities, many graduates love going to T1 cities to start their own career.
2. 独立主格
   Opportunities abounding in the large cities,college graduates are tend to start their own business in **top-tier** cities.
3. 润色
   Opportunities abounding in the large cities,college graduates **are drawn to** start their own business in **top-tier** cities.

## 如果,就会

> 如果我们竭尽全力，那么我们就会成功

1. 原型
   If we try out best, we will succeed.
2. Modified
   Trying our best will bring us success.
3. ~~汉弗莱~~润色
   Making all necessary efforts,reviewing all possible methods, taking all factors into careful considerations and try our **utmost** to put them into practice rather than talking only in theories without practical actions brings us the final success we shall have.

> 如果我们在日常生活中多骑共享单车 那么就可以减少温室效应

- transport:出行工具 transportation:物流

1. Modified
   Riding sharing bikes in our daily life will help to reduce the greenhouse effect.
2. 润色
   Taking sharing bicycles as **transports** in our daily life brings the reduction of greenhouse effect.

> 如果上课不认真听课 那么考试就会寄

1. Modified
   Not listening carefully in the class will result in the failure of examinations.
2. 润色
   Paying less attention in the class will incur the poor performance in examinations.


- attach ~ 重视

## 遇到xx问题/困境

> 许多学生感到压力大

1. 普通
   Many students are under great pressure.
2. 同位语概括
   Many students are facing a common issue that they are under great pressure.
3. 润色
   An increasing number of students are suffering from a common issue that they are put under great pressure.
4. 再解释
   What an increasing number of students are suffering from is a common issue that they are put under great pressure.

> 人们越来越不重视读书
1. 普通
   People are paying less attention to reading.
2. 润色
   What individuals are facing is an issue that they have developed a bad habit to pay less attention to reading in their daily life.

> 在这个科技发达的社会，年轻人越来越不喜欢和父母沟通

1. 独立主格
   Technologies developing so rapidly in modern society, **youngsters** are facing a phenomenon that thay are tending to make less communications with their parents.
2. 导致
   This high-tech society has **given rise to / incurred** a phenomenon that youngsters are having a tendency to make less communications with their parents.
3. 缝合
   Technologies developing so rapidly in modern society which has given rise to the phenomenon among youngsters that they are tending to make less commnunications with their parents.

## 情绪修辞

> 俺寻思不中

1. 普通写法
   I am disappointed.
2. 修辞
   I'm filled with disappointment.  
   I'm defeated by the disappointment.
   I have failed the battle against disappointment.
   Disappointment was on my face.
   Disappointment was spreading all over my face.